Report prep

Design:
diagrams of design(uml)
more functional requirements

imp+test:
non functional requirements
use appendix for showing larger portions if not 100% needed
such as show important lines of code in text and then link the rest of 
the related code in the appendix

Project evaluation:
objective overview of how the project went
and a small paragraph of personal reflection on how it went 
and how it could go better

Further work and conclution:
future work / how could it be improved


Try writing in active third person when writing the report.
Try to get report written by the 20th for ealry look at marking


V1 of the agent overview:
within the first few minutes of testing, the agent managed to escape the enviroment
causing this to mostly be a wasted time training.

improved on by fixing skybox, preventing the agent from escaping

V2 of the agent overview:
agents now can fight each other with the player 1 and player 2 using different styles
Player 1 always approaching and player 2 always spamming punch.
Currently, this shows punch needs a hurtbox to allow opposing player to punish or  
needs more recovery without a hurtbox to allow the other player to punish
Currently a bug exists where when punched and knocked into a wall at specific distances, 
the player being punched canbe hit multiple times by that punch, 
I assume by being knocked off the wall and back into the punch
causing mutiple instances of damage.
Another oversight of this version is when at the wall, if the one at the wall is hit by a punch,
the recovery time of that player is longer than the recovery time of the punch.
This causes an endless loop where the attacking player can always kill the opponent
as they cannot retaliate in time with a jump or punch of thier own.
Determined that 1 million steps is too many and will be cutting each stage down to 200,000.

Things to improve on before next testing:
fix bug at wall causing multiple hits.
give the punch hitbox a hurtbox to allow punishing.
either increase punch recovery time or decrease pain recovery time to prevent wall bug.



